README.md, before:

# My Personal Project

# My Personal Project: Gym Bro

## Gym Workout Tracker

**About the Project**

Gym Bro is a Gym Workout Tracker, a comprehensive exercise-tracking program designed to help users record and analyze their workout sessions. The application allows users to create workout records, specifying the total workout duration for a single time, and the details for different types of exercise (cardio or weight). For cardio exercises, users can choose from various equipment options, inputting the duration of each activity. For weight exercises, users can select specific muscle groups, and choose the equipment used, records the weight lifted, and the number of sets performed. Additionally, users can generate line graphs for cardio duration and specific workout weight growth (or body parts weight lifted) over time to analyze their workout performance.

**Use Case**

This application is designed for, fitness enthusiasts, gym lovers, athletes, or individuals who want to maintain a structured and organized approach to their workouts. It is suitable for users of all fitness levels, from beginners to advanced, who wish to track their progress, set goals, and gain insights into their exercise routines to make better workout plans. Trainers and fitness coaches can also utilize the application to monitor their clients' progress and tailor workouts accordingly.

**Why**

This idea interests me as I embarked on my fitness journey a few months ago. During my training sessions, I had the challenge of recording my workout data. The multitude of exercise types, different equipment, and diverse weight and set combinations made it difficult to maintain an organized record. Resorting to use the Notes app on my iPhone proved to be cumbersome and led to forgetting or feeling too lazy to type in my workouts. Not having a clear picture of my progress makes it difficult to formulate an effective and tailored fitness plan.

After exploring existing fitness apps, I found many to either require payment for basic features or inundate users with many advertisements. Moreover, these apps often lacked the simplicity I sought in a workout tracking tool.

Commit message:

add background info of the project updated

README.md, after:

# My Personal Project: Gym Bro

## Gym Workout Tracker

**About the Project**

Gym Bro is a Gym Workout Tracker, a comprehensive exercise-tracking program designed to help users record and analyze their workout sessions. The application allows users to create workout records, specifying the total workout duration for a single time, and the details for different types of exercise (cardio or weight). For cardio exercises, users can choose from various equipment options, inputting the duration of each activity. For weight exercises, users can select specific muscle groups, and choose the equipment used, records the weight lifted, and the number of sets performed. Additionally, users can  view their workout data trends over time, allowing them to track their performance and make informed decisions about their fitness plan.

**Use Case**

This application is designed for, fitness enthusiasts, gym lovers, athletes, or individuals who want to maintain a structured and organized approach to their workouts. It is suitable for users of all fitness levels, from beginners to advanced, who wish to track their progress, set goals, and gain insights into their exercise routines to make better workout plans. Trainers and fitness coaches can also utilize the application to monitor their clients' progress and tailor workouts accordingly.

**Why**

This idea interests me as I embarked on my fitness journey a few months ago. During my training sessions, I had the challenge of recording my workout data. The multitude of exercise types, different equipment, and diverse weight and set combinations made it difficult to maintain an organized record. Resorting to use the Notes app on my iPhone proved to be cumbersome and led to forgetting or feeling too lazy to type in my workouts. Not having a clear picture of my progress makes it difficult to formulate an effective and tailored fitness plan.

After exploring existing fitness apps, I found many to either require payment for basic features or inundate users with many advertisements. Moreover, these apps often lacked the simplicity I sought in a workout tracking tool.
